dimwishlist:item=1197486957perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagThreat DetectorDemolitionist
dimwishlist:item=1197486957perks=Hammer-Forged RiflingAccurized RoundsFull Auto Trigger SystemDemolitionist
dimwishlist:item=1621657423perks=Elastic StringCompact Arrow ShaftRapid HitExplosive Head
dimwishlist:item=1621657423perks=Elastic StringFiberglass Arrow ShaftRapid HitSwashbuckler
dimwishlist:item=3512349612perks=Fluted BarrelIonized BatteryFeeding FrenzyThresh
dimwishlist:item=3512349612perks=Fluted BarrelProjection FuseMoving TargetRangefinder
dimwishlist:item=1766088024perks=Arrowhead BrakeAppended MagField PrepDemolitionist
dimwishlist:item=1766088024perks=Arrowhead BrakeRicochet RoundsZen MomentDynamic Sway Reduction
dimwishlist:item=1513993763perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagThreat DetectorRampage
dimwishlist:item=1513993763perks=SmallboreAccurized RoundsZen MomentVorpal Weapon
dimwishlist:item=981718087perks=Quick LaunchHigh-Velocity RoundsLead from GoldAuto-Loading Holster
dimwishlist:item=981718087perks=Quick LaunchHigh-Velocity RoundsKilling WindAuto-Loading Holster
dimwishlist:item=2714022207perks=Fluted BarrelEnhanced BatteryOutlawHigh-Impact Reserves
dimwishlist:item=2714022207perks=Full BoreAccelerated CoilsMoving TargetQuickdraw
dimwishlist:item=2050789284perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagOutlawKill Clip
dimwishlist:item=2050789284perks=SmallboreSteady RoundsQuickdrawHeadseeker
dimwishlist:item=2891672170perks=Barrel ShroudAssault MagAuto-Loading HolsterTrench Barrel
dimwishlist:item=2891672170perks=Full ChokeAssault MagSurplusKilling Wind
dimwishlist:item=3565520715perks=Quick LaunchSpike GrenadesClown CartridgeChain Reaction
dimwishlist:item=3565520715perks=Volatile LaunchProximity GrenadesKilling WindQuickdraw
dimwishlist:item=2776503072perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagField PrepMultikill Clip
dimwishlist:item=2776503072perks=SmallboreSteady RoundsNo DistractionsQuickdraw
dimwishlist:item=2453357042perks=Quick LaunchSpike GrenadesClown CartridgeChain Reaction
dimwishlist:item=2453357042perks=Volatile LaunchProximity GrenadesQuickdrawWellspring
dimwishlist:item=1641430382perks=Cleanshot ISAppended MagRapid HitVorpal Weapon
dimwishlist:item=1641430382perks=Red Dot MicroRicochet RoundsQuickdrawZen Moment
dimwishlist:item=2990047042perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagReconstructionVorpal Weapon
dimwishlist:item=2990047042perks=Fluted BarrelAccurized RoundsSlidewaysSnapshot Sights
dimwishlist:item=3281285075perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagRapid HitRampage
dimwishlist:item=3281285075perks=SmallboreAccurized RoundsSurplusOpening Shot
dimwishlist:item=1392919471perks=Fluted BarrelTactical MagReconstructionHigh-Impact Reserves
dimwishlist:item=1392919471perks=SmallboreAccurized RoundsZen MomentEye of the Storm
dimwishlist:item=1030895163perks=Fluted BarrelIonized BatterySurplusSwashbuckler
dimwishlist:item=1030895163perks=Fluted BarrelParticle RepeaterKilling WindHigh-Impact Reserves
dimwishlist:item=66875353perks=SPO-57 FrontAppended MagAuto-Loading HolsterVorpal Weapon
dimwishlist:item=66875353perks=SPO-57 FrontRicochet RoundsZen MomentTap the Trigger
